Dear Vanessa,

Hello. Hi. I miss you so much. A day has yet to pass where I don’t long for you, my heart aches knowing you’re so far. Selfishly, I wish you could stay with me, but this is what's best. 

I’m sitting here past Zoe’s, staring at my project, but productivity gets hard when my mind is filled with thoughts of you. I replay the scenes of us together in my head. Our endless talks in the library, the many meals we’ve made together, and even sitting on Alejandro’s uncomfortable wood floor just so I could speak to you more. 

A memory that always seems to stick out to me is our weekend in Seattle. The concept of fate has always felt silly to me, but just after meeting you, I learned we're heading to the same place, at the same time, for the same reason, staying only 5 minutes away from each other? How can that not reside beyond coincidence? Regardless of whether fate is true, I’m grateful for the path I’ve chosen, I see that every choice I’ve followed through on has brought me a step closer to you.

I want to spend time together like that again. I miss your hand around my arm. I want the smell of your hair to linger on my pillows like it used to. I’ve grown tired of only having a single plate to wash during weekend mornings. 

You put me at ease. The world weighs on me less heavily when I have you. You help me so much. I’ve never felt so heard in my life. Every thought I have matters, my opinion is always asked, my existence finally has a recipient. I don’t think I’ve been so encouraged to feel before, I don’t always have to continue being an automaton. It’s still difficult and I apologize. Having someone finally listening has led me to realize how hard it is to speak. Maybe that’s why you called me a robot, but I'm working on it!

I’m enamored by you, so it pains me deeply to see someone as wonderful as you struggle. I'll always be here to support you, even when I'm so far away. But I’m excited to see you back, you deserve to be happy and healthy. Until then, I’ll continue to miss everything about you. 

I don’t really consider myself someone good with their words, but I hope you could feel the effort and sincerity I put into writing this.

With care,
Israel
